{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10720\viewh12100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Lord\'92s Paradox\
\
Continuous version of Simpson\'92s paradox\
Sign difference for total and within-group effects controlling for covariate\
\
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord%27s_paradox\
\
Rubin causal analysis:\
https://www.google.com/books/edition/Principals_of_Modern_Psychological_Measu/yr3qcBtT4SYC?hl=en&gbpv=1&pg=PA3&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false\
\
Pearl analysis:\
https://www.degruyter.com/document/doi/10.1515/jci-2016-0021/html\
\
Tu et al. paper:\
https://ete-online.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1742-7622-5-2\
\
\
Pearl 2016:\
\'93Cases where total and direct effects differ in sign and magnitude are commonplace. For example, we are not at all surprised when smallpox inoculation carries risks of fatal reaction, yet reduces overall mortality by iradicating smallpox. The direct effect (fatal reaction) in this case is negative for every stratum of the population, yet the total effect (on mortality) is positive for the population as a whole.\'94\
\
Me:\
Consider disadvantaged group X. Spending on programs (M) is good within group, but is negatively correlated with group, so total effect is bad. Negative total and direct fx of X, but positive indirect within-group effect on Y via M (spending).\
\
When you match on initial weight, you are selecting for particularly heavy girls and particularly light boys. Regression to the mean results in girls having relatively less final weight and boys having relatively more.  The sex difference in the direct effect is in direct proportion to the amount of regression to the mean, which is proportional to the how much variability there is is the relationship of initial to final weights. If the relationship were perfect (no random variability and no RTM), Lord\'92s paradox would cease to exist, and statistician 1 would be correct: There is no weight gain difference for boys and girls. M (initial weight) would be a complete mediator, and the direct effect would be zero. \
\
Notes:\
The covariate measures the effect of prior weight on final weight imperfectly, as it is subject to measurement noise and regression to the mean if the individual person\'92s change is random.\
Therefore it does not adequately	control for the effect of prior weight on final weight.  \
\
Matching subgroups on prior weight\'85}