{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;\red43\green90\blue153;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c21569\c43529\c66667;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6536112/#:~:text=Test%2Dretest%20reliability%20has%20traditionally,and%20above%200.75%20as%20excellent.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In psychometrics, reliability can be calculated with one scale by examining its internal consistency. Despite being calculated from the consistency of responding between items, reliability assessed by internal consistency amounts to the same fundamental definition of reliability, namely the ratio of the true to the total variance in the data. It is considered good practice in psychometric studies to calculate the reliability of a scale using measures of internal consistency in the study sample prior to performing statistical inference. The reliability can be used to confirm that the data is sufficiently capable of distinguishing between individuals, for which\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6536112/#ref-40"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Nunnally (1978)}}\'a0recommended 0.7 as a default lowest acceptable standard of reliability for scales used in basic research, and 0.8 as adequate. For applied settings in which important decisions are made based on measured outcomes, he suggests a reliability of 0.9 as a minimum and 0.95 as adequate, since even with a reliability of 0.9, the standard error of measurement is almost a third the size of the standard deviation.\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f1\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Test-retest reliability has traditionally been defined by more lenient standards.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6536112/#ref-14"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Fleiss (1986)}}\'a0defined ICC values between 0.4 and 0.75 as good, and above 0.75 as excellent.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6536112/#ref-7"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Cicchetti (1994)}}\'a0defined 0.4 to 0.59 as fair, 0.60 to 0.74 as good, and above 0.75 as excellent. These standards, however, were defined considering the test-retest (as opposed to internal consistency) reliability of psychometric questionnaires ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6536112/#ref-52"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Shrout & Fleiss, 1979}};\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6536112/#ref-7"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Cicchetti, 1994}}) for which changes from test to retest could be caused by measurement error, but could also be caused by actual changes in the underlying \'91true\'92 value. In PET measurement where protein concentrations are estimated, or indeed in many other physiological measures, these within-subject fluctuations can usually be assumed to be negligibly small over short time periods. For this reason, these standards cannot be considered to be directly applicable. More conservative standards have been proposed by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6536112/#ref-46"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Portney & Watkins (2015)}}, who define values between 0.5 and 0.75 as \'93poor to moderate\'94, 0.75 to 0.9 as \'93good\'94, and above 0.9 as acceptable for \'93clinical measures\'94. These standards correspond more closely with those defined for the internal consistency of psychometric instruments, and can be considered to be more applicable for measures for which \'91true\'92 changes are thought to be negligible.\
}